# YQuantum 2025 Travelers-Capgemini Challenge
### Quantum Extinguisher (Adam Godel, Zohaib Mohammed, AJ Hardimon, Ethan Lee, Travis Meyer)
This repository contains our challenge submission for the YQuantum 2025 Travelers-Capgemini challenge, where we converted the [Los Angeles County Fire Hazard Severity Zones](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEBx_9Or88c) database to a graph and performed graph coloring using a quantum approach to find maximum independent sets with neutral-atom quantum computers.

This repository contains the following files:
- [generate_graph.ipynb](generate_graph.ipynb) is the notebook describing our approach in sampling our data and converting it into a graph to perform graph coloring on. In addition, we discuss the value of this type of risk minimization to Travelers and how our example can be scaled up in the future as neutral-atom quantum hardware improves to be able to handle datasets the size of the ones Travelers deals with.
- [mis.ipynb](mis.ipynb) is the notebook describing the technical details of our recursive search using MIS, which we implemented using the [Bloqade](https://queracomputing.github.io/Bloqade.jl/dev/) library. We also show some experimental results using a quantum simulator; while we didn't have time to test out on algorithm on QuEra's quantum hardware ourselves, [this paper](https://doi.org/10.1109/ECICE59523.2023.10383156) from 2023 shows that QuEra's Aquila can successfully find the MIS for at least eight qubits and less than fifty qubits. As the hardware improves, our quantum approach will very likely become more viable for real-world use cases like the large datasets of Travelers customers.
- [high_output.pdf](high_output.pdf) shows the output of executing the example case of the quantum algorithm described in the notebooks, for a certain sample of one specific area in Los Angeles county with a high wildfire risk. In this case, the sample could represent the subset of zones with Travelers customers in the specific area of Los Angeles county.
- [very_high_output.png](very_high_output.png) and [very_high_output.pdf](very_high_output.pdf) show the execution of an example sample of one specific area in Los Angeles county with a very high wildfire risk. The PNG file shows the output of a classical exponential-time algorithm that wouldn't be able to operate at scale, while the PDF file shows the matching output of our quantum simulation which would be able to operate at scale given better neutral-atom quantum hardware (that we could potentially have in several years) that can perform MIS accurately for very high numbers of qubits.

We would like to thank Travelers and Capgemini for this challenge; we really enjoyed the opportunity to try out and think about a quantum algorithm that can actually be used for the heavy datasets of the real-world! We hope that our preliminary research and results show, following the Travelers motto that "Remarkable Things Happen When People Care," that quantum computing could help Travelers better minimize risk and help their customers in the case of a catastrophe.